README.md, before:

# Netflix Movie Queue

<img src="https://s3.amazonaws.com/after-school-assets/netflix-queue.jpg" align="right" hspace="10" width="300">

Sometimes it's hard to keep up with your Netflix movie queue. Sometimes, all you need is a Friday night to binge watch Scandal.

We're going to use arrays to manipulate our own movie Queue.

Open this lab in Nitrous. Run `learn` in terminal to run the Rspec tests. Use those tests as guidance to code your solution in `movies.rb`.

###Step 1: 

Define a method `first_movie` that returns the first movie in the queue. This method should accept an array as an argument (the movie queue)

####Step 2: 

Define a method `watch_movie` that deletes the first movie in the array and returns the modified array. This method should accept an array as an argument (the movie queue).

####Step 3: 

Define a method `update_queue` that returns the updated array. This method takes two arguments (the array of movies and the movie you want to add to the queue).

####Step 4:

Define a method `view_queue` that uses the each method to iterate over the array of movies. This method should use puts to print out "You will watch [movie name]" for every movie in the list. This method should accept an array as an argument (the movie queue).

<p data-visibility='hidden'>View <a href='https://learn.co/lessons/hs-intro-software-engineering-movie-arrays' title='Netflix Movie Queue'>Netflix Movie Queue</a> on Learn.co and start learning to code for free.</p>

Commit message:

changed all netflix references to youtube and all movie names to videos

README.md, after:

# YouTube Playlist Queue:

<img src="https://s3.amazonaws.com/upperline/curriculum-assets/youtube-top100.png" align="right" hspace="10" width="300">

Sometimes it's hard to keep up with all those great YouTube Videos. Sometimes, all you need is a Friday night to relive and binge watch all those great YouTube moments.

We're going to use arrays to manipulate our own Video Queue.

Open this lab in the Learn IDE. Run `learn` in the terminal to run the Rspec tests. Use those tests as guidance to code your solution in `videos.rb`.

###Step 1: 

Define a method `first_video` that returns the first video in the queue. This method should accept an array as an argument (the video queue)

###Step 2: 

Define a method `watch_video` that deletes the first video in the array and returns the modified array. This method should accept an array as an argument (the video queue).

###Step 3: 

Define a method `update_queue` that returns the updated array. This method takes two arguments (the array of videos and the video you want to add to the queue).

###Step 4:

Define a method `view_queue` that uses the each method to iterate over the array of videos. This method should use puts to print out "You will watch [video name]" for every video in the list. This method should accept an array as an argument (the video queue).
